The derelict Auxiliary: Kalash orbits a gas giant in a disconnected system. it ended up here when it's hyperdrive malfunctioned jumping from the pirate system of <name>,
just before it could be disabled. Trapped here without any Hyperspace lanes, it has survived only due to its two remaining fighters being able to mine asteroids 
as well as strange asteroid like creatures they've taken to call Biodes based on their palatable meat-like interior hidden by their rocky shell.

Two years after the mishap, the player has finally designed and built another small launch ship. The "Firefly" it's a small one crew ship that might as well be a fighter.
it has no hyperdrive, and it's only engine, and weapon for that matter, is a modified afterburner designed to spew burning hyperdrive fuel out the back for allowing it to
mine asteroids. It took a while to get the design approved since it uses so much fuel but considering that building basic ramscoops out of mined materials was one of the 
first things the engineers figured out after getting stranded you shouldn't have much trouble flying the thing, beside the fact that you mine asteroids with it's engine that is.






Mission one: prove your design.
    "with your ship launching for the first time, we need to make sure it wasn't a big waste of time and resources. Get out there and fill your hold with Biode meat."

Mission two: proper engine.
    "With the proof of concept working, we really should put a proper engine on that thing. Bring back <metal> and we can move that ridiculous 
    flamethrower of yours to the front of your ship."

Mission three: tanker ship.
    "it's nice to have your ship out working but its cargo hold is so small that you can't really get much done in a single run. I've got a design for a autonomous gathering 
    escort but I need <metal> to finish building it. Could you go get it for me? 

Mission four: Flying Biodes.
    "with your Firefly working, and having a couple Misquotes running too, we want you to investigate some anomalous Biodes. I'm sure you've seen them, 
    the ones that seem to move with intent and not just float around, I want you to disable one and bring me anything different you find inside." 
